Project Overview:

Per CodeAcademy:
    Objectives:
        Work locally on your own computer
        Import a dataset into your program
        Analyze a dataset by building out functions or class methods
        Use libraries to assist in your analysis
        Optional: Document and organize your findings
        Optional: Make predictions about a dataset’s features based on your findings


        Setup:
            For this project, we expect that you have a basic understanding of Python fundamentals, including how to usw 
            functions and/or classes as well as how to work with CSV files. The tasks and project solution code are tailored 
            towards someone with this knowledge base.

            If you know Python libraries or skills that extend beyond this expectation (such as NumPy or pandas), you are 
            encouraged to use them. This project is meant for you to show off your knowledge, so do not feel constrained by the 
            tasks or hints written out.


                                               MY NOTES
                                               
The breakdown of categories: age, sex, bmi, children, smoker, region, charges
The regions: Northwest, Northeast, Southwest, Southeast --- no Midwest...so that's gonna throw everything off for my 
                                                                predictions. Ex: where does Missouri go? 

                                                Project Scope:
   1.)Which age demographic has the lowest insurance cost?
   2.)What is the average BMI for each region?
   3.)Which region has the least amount of female insurers with children?
    
                                                 Predictions:
   1.) The lowest insurance cost age demographic is 25 - 34 (18 - 24 still pro-risk [college, etc], 35 - 45 when life long 
         illnesses kick in, so shooting for the median) 
   2.) The average BMI for each region: Southwest: 25.2, Southeast: 29.0, Northwest: 23.9, Northeast: 26.7
   3.) The region with the least amount of female insurers with children will be the Northwest
               
   
                                    Breakdown of initial thought processes:
   Two ways to accomplish this: Object Oriented Programming, e.g. class objects, or several functions. 
    
   Harder in concept yet easier way may be classes - ex. def the class "Patient" (self, age, sex, bmi, children, smoker, 
   region, charges) then create a function to parse through the funcitons to calculate the data set. 
   From there the parsing would be cake. The flip side is being bogged down with errors. Also there will be functions being
   built throughout the classes. 

   The harder, yet slightly quicker way is to build several functions. The positives are that I can burn through various
   kwargs and go through the project scope much quicker. However, there are negatives here - one being that it leaves the
   possibility of errors from recalling many variables. The other is that its probably not particularly efficient. 
    
   
                                           Challenges for initial setup:
   
   1.) The data set presents one challenge from the get-go: it s structured almost perfectly for a dictionary style, but it is 
   missing a key in a key:value pair. 
       ex: 23,female,39.27,2,no,southeast,3500.6123
   
   Solutions: 
       a.) build an empty list that reads through each line of the CSV file and generates a patient # for each line, thus I can 
           use an element of a list as a key to pair with a value. 
       b.) Generate a dictionary without a key pair, and allow Python to generate one. 